### NR528 FINAL TOOLBOX CHALLENGE
The goal of this ArcGIS Toolbox is to select road (i.e., impervious surface features) within a user-specified distance from Rhode Island Public Water Reservoirs. Spatial data related to the number of impervious surfaces within reservoir areas helps to inform storm water and related pollutant management at both the city and state level. Relevant data displaying the location of public roads in relation to important features, such as reservoirs, can also be used from a city-planning or environmental engineering standpoint, and could serve to inform research related to ecological projects (such as analyses related to a proposed dam removal).
This Toolbox uses specific tools to achieve this goal. These tools include: 
+ Select Study Area – this tool uses an input shapefile of RI towns and allows the user to select a county in RI for analysis. 
+ Clip Reservoirs – this tool uses an input shapefile of Rhode Island Public Water Reservoirs and the output file from the Select Study Area tool to clip the reservoirs to the desired study area.
+ Buffer Reservoirs – this tool uses the output shape file from the Clip Reservoirs tool and allows the user to input a desired buffer distance and to specify the buffer units in either Meters or Feet.
+ Intersect Roads – this tool uses the output shape file from the Buffer Reservoirs tool and an input shapefile of RI road networks, to create a new FeatureClass that displays the roads that fall within the previously specified reservoir buffers. 

**PLEASE NOTE**: due to the size restrictions for GitHub files, the sample data for this tool is specific to the East Bay region of Rhode Island (i.e., Bristol and Newport County). The RI_roads_EastBay.shp file (included in the RI_roads.zip file in this repository) has been previously clipped to these two counties in order to decrease the size of the file when uploading to GitHub. Please take this into consideration when testing this tool and specify the desired study area county as either Bristol or Newport. 
